today I have the honor to be able to
share with you and review the vinegar
card the vivica card is a very unique
greeting card that enables you to
deliver a message in a very unique way
think about sending a greeting card to a
friend or a family member that live far
away I think that alone will just make
them very happy make it a video message
and not only will they be surprised
they'll just be over the moon so without
further ado we're going to talk about a
Vivica card that's made by a company
called okay let's check it out the
package currently is in Japanese as this
is an import to the US market using the
product is simple and intuitive what you
get here in the packaging is a video
card and USB cable to charge the card
the dimensions come in at the a5 size
card way in and about 150 grams not
small but you don't want it to be so I
wanted to give you guys a quick sample
of the video quality that comes out of
the vodka card itself with good lighting
and as long as you're not in a very
noisy situation you're able to record a
very nice clear sound right now i'm
recording straight on the vinegar card
and i'm using my own audio setup to be
able to get the audio i'm going to
switch over to the actual replayed video
directly from demica the card itself is
really good you can record up to four
minutes with it and that's one of the
main benefits of it and the other thing
is you can also transfer that video off
the card back to your computer using the
USB cable now doubles as a charging port
but it's also a data transfer port so
you plug it in the computer will
recognize it be a PC or Mac I think it's
a great feature I think it's really nice
and as long as the screen is closed you
should have no problem being able to
basically mail this across country to a
family member or grandparent or anybody
that you wanted to share a special
moment with and be able to deliver it in
this unique special way a video card is
just unheard of most people won't even
expected in the mail they'll know there
may be getting a card but a video card
is something just right over the moon
there they'll be very happy as you guys
saw with the hands on the video quality
is pretty decent as long as you have
good lighting the audio quality is
actually not bad considering that the
audio is coming straight from a card
itself you can record up to 4 minutes
and again you can download the video
using the provided USB cable which is
also a doubling for a charging cable the
other thing I want to mention to you
is that the DeLuca card itself by dokie
is one of the most customizable cards in
the market and I say that because not
only can you record a video message
which by itself is unique and also
unexpected I can tell you that nobody
will expect that coming out of the
package that you send that to them in
the mail but it's also a blank canvas
you can write your own message on the
inside or on the outside and you can
basically put it in and then directly
send it to them in the mail so it
becomes your own personalized card and
it gets just that extra nice personal
touch for the person receiving it then
they'll feel it it's great for any
occasion announcement wedding
graduations any special occasions that
you'd like to share with either family
members personally I can think of
grandparents as my in-laws live far away
from us and I can definitely see this
being a very good way to share something
from my son to my in-laws and it would
definitely love it as his grandparents
they love everything that he does so I
want to say thanks to dokie for sending
me this card for review I definitely
want to give you guys some information
and the links below the video so if you
want some more information please check
there but after that as usual like and
subscribe and let me know what you think
of this card I personally think it's
really nice a very unique way and very
special way to deliver a message for any
occasion I'll see you guys on the next
one
you